# BaniyaGPT
This project is a interactive Chat-Bot which is trained to answer questions based on financial topics. 
The chatbot was trained using OpenAI API on a custom dataset generated by various sources(described below).

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Dataset](#dataset)
- [Training](#training)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Challenges](#challenges)

## Introduction
BaniyaGPT aims to answer questions based on financial topics.
It was trained using OpenAI API and the dataset was generated using wikipedia articles and other synthetic data.

## Dataset
- The dataset was generated using two ways : Extracting articles from **Wikipedia Pages** and Generating **Synthetic Transactions** similar to the one given in the PS.
- The Wikipedia articles were generated from Pages with the keyword **"Finance"** in their titles.
- **Synthetic Transactions** were curated similar to the given transaction history, with the help of GPT.
- Using these two datasets as context, I generated questions and their answers using **text-davinci-003** model by openAI.
- Generated around **9k question-answers pairs** which were fed as fine-tuning data.

## Training
- The 9k QnA pairs were fed as data for **fine-tuning** the model.
- Experiment on **"Ada"** / **"Babbage"** models 
- Fine-tuned the model for **4 epochs** , with a **batchsize of 2**.

## Usage
- The chat-bot can be accessing using the **generate_responses** function present in the end of the **main-chatbot.ipynb** notebook.
- Kindly use the API key carefully to avoid any errors.

## Challenges
- First challenge faced was less amount of tokens available, due to which I was unable to train **'curie'** and **'davinci'**
- Secondly, the context from Wikipedia was not recent enough, so in future I'll try to query articles from **TOI**.
